Add command line option to explicitly disable lock_wait_timeout (adds possibility to opt out of breaking changes with older versions) (#896)
prometheus/mysqld_exporter: README.md

config.my-cnf                              | Path to .my.cnf file to read MySQL credentials from. (default: `~/.my.cnf`)
log.level                                  | Logging verbosity (default: info)
exporter.lock_wait_timeout                 | Set a lock_wait_timeout (in seconds) on the connection to avoid long metadata locking. (default: 2)

> exporter.disable_lock_wait_timeout         | Disable the lock_wait_timeout connection parameter. Makes the exporter compatible with older versions of MySQL. (default: false)

Reviewer: I prefer "positive" flags, so that we don't have double negative behavior.

The disable would be `--no-exporter.enable_lock_wait_timeout`.

```suggestion
exporter.enable_lock_wait_timeout         | Disable the lock_wait_timeout connection parameter. Makes the exporter compatible with older versions of MySQL. (default: true)
```
